Fixing typos in the README of the ResNet18 example (#27)
Cambridge-ICCS/fortran-pytorch-lib: examples/1_ResNet18/README.md

```
mkdir build
cd build

> cmake .. -DFTorch_DIR=<path/to/your/installation/of/library/lib/cmake/> -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release

Reviewer: Thanks, that's useful, I suggest moving lib/cmake outside the <>:

```suggestion
cmake .. -DFTorch_DIR=<path/to/your/installation/of/library/>lib/cmake/ -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release
```

make
```

> Make sure that the  `FTorch_DIR` flag points to the `/lib/cmake/` folder within the directory of this library.  

Reviewer: Ah, great! Just clarify what _the_ library is

```suggestion
Make sure that the  `FTorch_DIR` flag points to the `lib/cmake/` folder within the installation of the FTorch library.  
```
